Feat: Introduce ValidationText has Icons #DS-1676 (#1948)
lmc-eu/spirit-design-system: packages/web/src/scss/components/FieldGroup/README.md

</fieldset>
```

> - To render validation text as a list, use `<ul>` element inside of `<div>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To render validation text as a list, use `<ul>` element inside of `.FieldGroup__validationText`.
```

> - To render validation text with an icon, add `<svg>` icon inside of `<div>`.

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure if I understand these instructions.

- Is it important to say that the SVG icon must be inside a `<div>`? Which `<div>` then?
- I understand the `<ul>` must be inside the wrapping `<div>`. Again, it remains unclear which `<div>` it is. Maybe saying "inside of `.FieldGroup__validationText`" would be clearer?

Replacing `<div>` with `.FieldGroup__validationText` will help us avoid the discussion about `<div>` vs. `<span>` in `Checkbox` (which is misleading because the markup of `Checkbox` is wrong anyway — that's not related to this PR and we will address it separately).
